Thank you.
the sun of Buendamar.
With green horizon, green we cry, With
silences of unrelenting green With a green
horizon, crying green With silences of
unrelenting green
The sun is shining sadly Without seeing
that the father has raised his cry
is is
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
¶¶ Thank you.
We'll see you next time.
¶¶
saying is believing but
Thank you.
¶¶
Tomorrow is for the two of us We have to
think about tomorrow and the destination
Thank you.
Mix into flour. Dissolve in more water
with jelly in the glass.
I'll make a spike auroaryan Saute hard
-boiled meat some surely
and the red sauce
Thank you.
Nicky Marrero! Camina, Nicky!
¶¶
¶¶ most beautiful piano pieces I ever
played. The name of the composers are
Natalie Cole and Linda Williams. The name
of the song is La Costa.
Thank you.